Boxcars Casino For Windows
Version 1.0c
by Jeff T. Rodeo and Russ Beall

Boxcars Casino is a registered trademark of Jeff T. Rodeo.
Program and documentation (C) Copyright 1995 Jeff T. Rodeo.  All rights
reserved.  Microsoft Windows is a registered trademark of Microsoft, Inc.


Table of Contents

     Welcome
     The Magic of Shareware
     Installation
     The Bank
     Selecting a Game
     General Controls
     Craps
     Poker
     Slots
     Blackjack
     Roulette
     Baccarat
     Keno
     Disclaimer


* WELCOME *

Congratulations on your purchase of Boxcars Casino(TM).  You are now the
owner of one of the finest gambling simulations available for any computer.
Boxcars Casino features attractive graphics, realistic animation and sound
effects, and implementation of common casino gaming rules.  With this
program, you can become familiar with how casino games are typically
played, before risking any money in an actual casino.  For advanced
blackjack players, Boxcars Casino has user-definable training features for
basic strategy and card counting.  Although no specific strategies or card
counting systems are included in this program, many are readily available
in books on playing blackjack, and can be easily used with this program's
training functions.


* THE MAGIC OF SHAREWARE *

This product is shareware.  This means that you may create as many copies
as you want, for whomever you want, provided that you do not alter the
program or manual and that you distribute only the full package (all
program and manual files).  (Read disclaimer at the end of this manual.)

However, the author still retains full copyrights.  Permission to make and
possess copies is granted on the condition that if after trying the program
for 30 minutes you decide to keep it for your own use, you will send in the
shareware fee.  The fee is not a donation--it is a license fee to use this
software program.

By avoiding the huge retail markup and distribution/packaging costs,
shareware can turn a profit for the author at a very low price to the end-
user.  The danger, of course, is that the users will just rip off the
authors by not paying for the software.

                          --->> ONLY $9.50 <<---

Send check, payable to Jeff T. Rodeo, to:

Boxcars - Windows
P.O. Box 472
Seabrook, TX 77586

Write your e-mail address on the check, if you have Internet access.

By sending in the shareware fee, you will not only be rewarding the authors
of this program for many months of effort, but you will also encourage
software authors worldwide to write more quality, inexpensive shareware, by
demonstrating to them that the concept can work.  Please do not abuse our
trust by violating our copyright--show us that our faith in the user's
integrity was not ill-placed.  Thank you.

* A Macintosh version of this program is also available.
* Texas residents:  Do not add sales tax--it is included in your shareware
fee.
* Questions/problems/requests?  Contact us on the Internet:
JeffTRodeo@aol.com
(Be sure to tell us what computer system you're using.)


* INSTALLATION *
 
System Requirements

Boxcars Casino requires Microsoft Windows 3.1 or later, running on a
computer with enough processing power and hard disk space to adequately
support Windows 3.1.

Animation

On a slower computer, some choppiness of animation is to be expected.  The
speed with which objects move will be the same on any computer, but faster
computers will exhibit smoother motion.  (Note:  Choppy animation on a
slower computer does *not* affect game outcome.)


* THE BANK *

When you first run Boxcars Casino, you will need to go to the bank and set
up an account there, with which to gamble.  To enter the bank, click the
Bank button from the game selection screen.

To create a new player, click the "New Gambler" button, and fill out the
dialog box which appears.  You can have up to ten different accounts on
your computer.  Each player has a "fund" (amount of money being held in the
bank for later withdrawal) and a "stake" (amount of money being carried
about from game to game, immediately ready to gamble).

After creating a player, transfer a portion of his fund to his stake, by
clicking the "Change Stake" button.  Then click the "Return To Games"
button to leave the bank and return to the games.  The game selection
window will show the stake and name of the currently active player (which
will be the one last selected before leaving the bank).

Selecting a Game

You are now ready to play.  Select a game by pressing the button
corresponding to that game.  If a game button is dimmed, it means your
stake is not large enough to make even one wager in that game.  For
example, if you had a $15 stake, you could play roulette or blackjack, but
not baccarat, which requires a minimum $20 bet.

Note that upon entering some games, the money in front of you on the table
may be somewhat less than your stake.  This means that the game at which
you are playing does not deal with money in small enough denominations to
exactly reflect your stake, or there is a limit as to how much money you
can carry to this game.  The difference is not lost; it will be returned to
your stake when you leave the game.


General Controls

Chips
 
In table games that use chips, the chips may be freely moved about by
clicking and dragging them with the mouse.  Moving a chip also moves any
chips that are stacked on top of it.  To split a pile of chips, simply grab
the lowest of the chips you want to move, and all chips on top will come
with it.

To make change for a high-denomination chip, first make sure it is separate
from other chips (not stacked), then shift-click it (click while holding
the shift key).  The chip will be replaced by an equal-value pile of lower
denomination chips.

Shift-clicking a pile of chips will condense the pile to the smallest
number of chips that can represent the exact value of that pile, and sort
the chips with lower-value chips on top.  If a pile of chips is already
condensed, shift-clicking it will explode it into as many chips as can fit
in a stack.  Sometimes, this is an easier way of getting a lot of change
fast, rather than breaking up chips one at a time.

Options Menu

The Options menu may be used for turning sound off and on.  Sound may also
be directed to either a sound card or the PC's internal speaker.

Game speed may also be adjusted.  The middle speed ("Play Normally")
represents the most realistic speed.  Note that the game speed setting may
affect different games in different ways.  Game speeds are remembered
separately for each casino game, and will be retained in the preferences
file when you quit the program.


* CRAPS *
 
The craps betting layout represents the many different types of wager that
can be placed on the outcome of throwing two six-sided dice and adding
their numbers.  To make a craps bet, place chips onto the desired areas of
the layout.  Then click the "Shoot" button to shoot the dice.  Losing bets
will be automatically removed, and winning bets will receive payoffs.

"Pass" and the "Point"

In craps, rolls of the dice are grouped into one or more rolls, which
together make either a "pass" or a failure to "pass," depending on what
numbers were rolled.

The first roll of the dice will result in an immediate resolution, if the
dice total any of the following numbers:

     7 or 11        Pass

     2, 3 or 12     Did not pass

If any other number is rolled on the first roll (4, 5, 6, 8, 9 or 10), that
number becomes the "point," and is indicated on the betting layout by the
placement of a puck.  The dice are now rolled repeatedly until one of the
following occurs:

     Point is rerolled     Pass

     7 is rolled           Did not pass

Then the puck is removed and the first roll begins again.

Craps Bets

Except where otherwise noted, bets pay the amount wagered.

Pass
"Pass," the most common type of craps bet, is a wager that the following
set of one or more rolls will result in a successful "pass" (as described
above).  If a point is established on the first roll, your chips are frozen
on the layout until the bet is resolved.

You may place a bet on pass after a point has been established, but it is
seriously disadvantageous to do so, as this bet pays off only 1 to 1.

Don't Pass
This bet is essentially the opposite of "pass."  In other words, whenever a
"pass" bet would have lost, the "don't pass" bet wins.  The exception is
when a 12 is rolled on the first roll, in which case the bet is a "push"
(tie).

Come
The "come" bet is exactly like "pass," except that it is made out-of-sync
with "pass."  For example, suppose you bet on "pass" and rolled an 8.
Before the next roll of the dice, you could make a different bet on "come."
Then if the next roll came up 7, you would lose your "pass" bet, but win
your "come" bet.

If a "come" bet rolls a point number, the chips will be automatically moved
to the near side of the appropriate point number on the layout, and must
remain there until the bet is resolved.  If the point number is rolled, the
bet will be moved back to the "come" area, and paid off there.

Don't Come
Just like "don't pass," only placed out-of-sync with it.  When a point
number is rolled, this bet is moved to the far side of the corresponding
point number on the layout.

Big 6
A bet that a 6 will come up before a 7 does.  This is just like having a
"point" of 6.  This bet may be removed before any roll.

Big 8
Same as "big 6."

Field Numbers
A bet that the next single roll will not be 5, 6, 7 or 8.  Note that 2 pays
double and 12 pays triple the amount bet.

Double Odds
Whenever a point is established for either a "pass" or "come" bet, you may
place a bet of up to twice your original bet on that point number.  This
bet pays off according to the true odds of that number showing before a
seven.

     Point     Payoff
       4       2 to 1
       5       3 to 2
       6       6 to 5
       8       6 to 5
       9       3 to 2
      10       2 to 1

To make this bet, place a stack of chips just outside the "pass" area,
close to your original bet.  To place an odds bet on a "come" point, place
your odds bet beside the come bet in the point area.

Proposition Bets
These bets are found in the middle of the craps table, and may be placed or
removed before any roll of the dice.  Payoffs are printed on the betting
layout.

     Seven         Bet that 7 will come up on the next roll

     Any Craps     Bet that the next roll will be 2, 3 or 12

     Hard Ways     (Signified by yellow die pictures.)  Bets that a number
                   will be rolled with a certain combination of the two
                   dice, before a 7 appears or the number is rolled any
                   other way

     One-Rolls     (Signified by red die pictures.)  Bets that a certain
                   number will come up on the very next roll

Place Bets
At any time, you may "place" a bet on a point number.  To request a place
bet, put a pile of chips in the "place" square in the lower-left corner of
the window, and you will be asked on which point you would like to bet.
The bet will then be moved there automatically.  You must make place bets
in this manner--you cannot place them manually yourself.  However, once
placed, a place bet may be increased or decreased by hand.

This bet is pretty much exactly like the "odds" bet, except that you do not
have to make a "pass" or "come" bet first, and the payoff chart is
different:

     Point     Payoff
       4       9 to 5
       5       7 to 5
       6       7 to 6
       8       7 to 6
       9       7 to 5
      10       9 to 5

In craps, as in other casino games, you should try to make bets that can be
paid off correctly according to the odds.  If necessary, your payoff will
be rounded down to the nearest value that can be expressed with the
available chip values.


* POKER *

In Boxcars Casino poker, you play against three or five computer-controlled
players.  When you start a game of poker, each computer player will have
his own unique characteristics of play, and all computer-player decisions
will be made without knowledge of the concealed cards in any other player's
hand.  The players do not conspire or communicate with each other in any
way.

The deal rotates, with the dealer selecting what variation of poker is to
be played.  Four varieties are available:  Five-Card Draw, Five-Card Stud,
Seven-Card Stud, and Hold 'Em.

For players already familiar with poker, the rest is self-explanatory.  For
all others, a brief synopsis of poker rules follows:

Five-Card Draw

Ante
Each player must contributed a specified amount of money, called the
"ante," to a pile in the middle of the table, called a "pot."  The pot will
be won by the player who holds the best "hand" (set of five cards).

Deal
Each player is dealt five cards, which he may look at privately.  The order
of the cards is not important in poker.

Betting Round
After the deal, there is a betting round, in which each player in turn has
a chance to raise the stakes by contributing money to the pot.  When it's
your turn to bet, you must contribute at least enough to match the amount
any other player has contributed so far, or "fold" (permanently quit this
round, forfeiting your chance to win the pot).  Betting may continue
several times around the table.

The betting round is over when all players have had at least one chance to
bet, and the amount contributed by all players is equal.  (If only one
player remains, he immediately wins the pot, there is no draw, and he does
not show his cards to anyone.)

Draw
Next comes the draw, in which each player gets to discard any number of his
cards, and replace them with new ones from the deck.

Final Betting Round
After the draw, there is a final betting round.  If more than one player
remains after this betting round, they must show their cards, and the best
hand takes the pot.

Five-Card Stud

In this game, there is no ante, and no drawing decisions.  Each player is
dealt one face-down (privately-viewed) card, and four face-up cards.  There
is a betting round after each face-up card is dealt (four betting rounds in
all).  Each betting round is led by the player with highest visible hand
(down-cards not included).  And the leader of the first betting round must
bet, to start the pot.

Seven-Card Stud

This is like Five-Card Stud, except that you receive seven cards in all;
two face-down cards at the start, then four face-up cards, and finally one
face-down card.  There are five betting rounds; one after each of your last
five cards.  Your hand counts as the best poker hand that can be made from
any five cards of the seven cards you hold.

Hold 'Em

In this game, each player receives two privately-viewed cards, and five
cards are dealt face-down to the center of the table.  After the first
betting round, three of the center cards are turned face-up, and there is
another betting round.  Then, each of the two remaining center cards are
turned up, with a betting round after each.  Each player's hand is the best
five-card hand he can make from the two cards in his hand and the five
cards in the center.

Hands

Poker hands are as follows, from least valuable to most:

Pair:  Two cards of the same rank.

Two Pair:  Two sets of two cards of the same rank.

Three of a Kind:  Three cards of the same rank.

Straight:  Five cards that can form a consecutive sequence of ascending
rank.  For the purposes of a straight, the Ace can count as either just
below a 2, or just above a King.  (Note:  A straight of Ace, 2, 3, 4 and 5
has a high card of 5, not Ace.)

Flush:  Five cards of the same suit.

Full House:  Three of a kind, plus a pair.

Four of a Kind:  Four cards of the same rank.

Straight Flush:  A straight and a flush in the same five cards.

Five of a Kind:  Five cards of the same rank (possible only with wild cards
in play).

Wild Cards

When announcing what variation of poker is to be played, the dealing player
may also announce that certain cards will be "wild;" for example, "all
threes are wild."  A card that has been declared wild may be considered to
be any rank of any suit, at the discretion of the player who holds it.


* SLOTS *

The Boxcars Casino features two three-reel slot machines.

Regular Machine

The "regular" slot machine features payoffs of up to one hundred times the
amount wagered.  One, two or three coins may be wagered in one spin of the
reels.  Red L.E.D.s above the selector buttons indicate the most recently
wagered amount.

This machine is set to have a payback rate of approximately 97.6%, which
means that, over the long run, you can expect to lose about 2.4 cents for
every dollar wagered.  In the short run, of course, anything can happen.

Progressive Machine

This machine features a "progressive" jackpot, which increases 25 cents for
every dollar played.  This machine is linked with other machines in the
casino, so that the jackpot increases by the play of other players, even
when you are not inserting money into your machine.

You may play one, two or three coins, but each coin is assigned to a
different row.  Only the third row is eligible to win the progressive
jackpot--rows 1 and 2 win a maximum of 1000 coins.

The progressive slot has a payback rate of 99.2%--however, this does take
into account that you may win the jackpot.  In the short run (without
winning the jackpot) the payback rate is considerably lower, since 25 cents
of every dollar played goes to the jackpot.


* BLACKJACK *

Blackjack is the one casino game that offers some hope of obtaining a
statistical edge against the house.  With proper play strategy (acceptable
at all casinos) the house edge can be reduced to almost nothing; smaller
than at any other casino game.  With card counting (not accepted by
casinos, but frequently done anyway), the player can obtain a distinct
advantage.

To play Boxcars Casino blackjack, place chips in the white betting square.
After a few seconds of not moving chips, play will begin automatically.
(If you are impatient, just click in the area where the cards appear on the
right, and dealing will begin promptly.)

You will be dealt two cards face-up, and the dealer will receive one face-
up and one face-down.  The object is to come closer to a total hand value
of 21 than the dealer, without going over 21.  (Hands of identical value
result in no winner--a "push.")

For purposes of totaling your hand, face cards count as 10 each, and each
Ace counts as either 1 or 11, whichever is to your advantage at any
particular moment.

Hitting:  If you think your hand might be improved by an extra card, you
may "hit" by clicking on your top card.  You may hit as many times as you
wish.  If your hand goes over 21, it is worthless ("busted") and you
immediately lose your bet.

Standing:  If you wish to leave your hand the way it is, you may "stand" by
clicking the Stand button.  The dealer will then expose his down card and
attempt to improve his hand.  He must hit until his hand totals 17 or
better, regardless of your hand.

Two examples:
* If you stand on a 13, and the dealer shows 16, he must hit and take the
chance of busting, even though his 16 is already better than your 13.
* If you stand on an 18 and the dealer shows 17, he must stand, even though
he would have nothing to lose by trying to beat your 18.

Blackjack:  Getting 21 on your first two cards is a "blackjack," and beats
any other hand, even a 21 in more than two cards.  (This is the only case
in which the number of cards affects the value of a hand.)  If you get a
blackjack, you immediately win, unless the dealer has one too (a push).
Furthermore, you win at a rate of 3 to 2, instead of the usual 1 to 1
payoff.

Doubling Down:  While your hand still consists of two cards, you may choose
to "double down," which means that you double your bet on this hand and
receive exactly one more card on that hand.  To double down, place in the
betting square chips which match the amount of your original bet.

Splitting:  If your hand consists of only two cards which are the same rank
or value, you may split them into two separate hands, receiving an extra
card for each.  Each hand will then be played separately, and could even be
split again.  To split, place in the betting square chips which match the
amount of your original bet.  You will then be asked whether you want to
split your hand, or double down (as described above).  Note:  Split aces
receive only one card each, and cannot be played further.  And a two card
hand of 21 that results from a split is not a blackjack.

Insurance:  If, right after the deal, the dealer shows an ace, you will be
prompted "Insurance?" and may then place a bet (only one pile of chips, of
up to half your original bet) on the Insurance bar near the top of the
layout.  This is a bet that the dealer does have a blackjack.  If he does,
your insurance bet pays off at 2 to 1; otherwise, the insurance bet is
collected.  If you do not want insurance, click the "No" button.

The dealer will then check to see if he has a blackjack.  If so, he will
turn it up and the hand is over.  Otherwise, play will continue normally.
This blackjack check also takes place when the dealer shows a card with a
value of 10, but no insurance is offered then.

For a more thorough guide to blackjack rule variations and advanced
strategies, the authors recommend "The World's Greatest Blackjack Book,
Revised Edition," by Humble and Cooper, published by Doubleday.

Strategy Training

Boxcars Casino includes a training feature for blackjack basic strategy,
available from the Options menu when playing blackjack.  A basic strategy
is a table which covers every possible combination of what hand you hold
and what card the dealer shows.  This table tells you exactly what move to
make for that situation.  Just by using a good basic strategy, you can cut
the house advantage to nearly zero.

When in strategy training mode, the program will force you to follow the
strategy, stopping you and correcting you when you try to make the wrong
move, and displaying the appropriate row of the strategy table after an
incorrect move.

Boxcars Casino includes no strategy tables; you must enter the strategy of
your choice and save it as a strategy file.

Selecting "Blackjack Strategy..." from the Options menu reveals the
strategy dialog box.  The numbers across the top of the table (from "2O to
"A") represent the dealer's up-card.  The numbers down the side represent
your hand.  Since the word "PAIR" appears in the corner of the table, the
displayed list is a list of possible pairs you could be holding, from "2 2"
to "A A."  Click on the word "PAIR" to cycle among three different lists:

     PAIR     Your hand is a splittable pair
     ACE      Your hand contains an ace counting as eleven
     SUM      Your hand is neither of the above

To create a strategy, select one of the five tools in the lower-left corner
and draw with it in the table.  The tools are abbreviated thusly:
     S      Stand
     H      Hit
     D      Double down
     SP     Split

The five buttons in the upper-left corner perform functions as follows:

     Clear     Clear out all three tables to gray.
     Open      Load a strategy (three tables) from disk.
     Save      Save the current tables to a strategy file.

To exit the strategy dialog, click "Use" or "Don't Use," depending on
whether you want to use the current strategy tables for training, or just
play normally without training.  Note:  You cannot click "Use" if there are
any gray squares in the strategy; it must be complete to be used for
training.

Count Training

Boxcars Casino also includes a card-counting trainer.  A card counting
system involves keeping track of a number in your head, which must be
raised or lowered according to the rank of each card dealt to anyone at the
table.  Exactly how each of the ten different ranks of card in blackjack
affect the number (the "count") defines the counting system being used.

As with basic strategy, you must enter the details of a counting system in
order to use it in Boxcars Casino.  When count training is on, the program
will prompt you after each hand for the latest count, and correct you if
you are wrong.

The "Adjusters" column contains the number that is to be added to the
running count for every card in the game, depending on its value (2 through
A).  Click the arrow buttons to adjust these values.  Typically, the
adjusters will be small positive or negative values, such as 1 or -1.

The "Start Count" box contains the value at which you begin your count,
when joining the game or when the cards are reshuffled.  For virtually all
count systems, this value will be zero.

The five buttons in the lower-right corner perform functions as follows:

     Clear     Clear all current values to zero.
     Open      Load a count system from disk.
     Save      Save the values to a count system file.

To exit the card counting dialog, click "Use" or "Don't Use," depending on
whether you want to use the current count system for training, or just play
normally without card count training.


* ROULETTE *

In roulette, the object is to predict where a ball will land on a spinning
platter lined with the numbers 1 through 36, 0 and 00.  Place chips on the
appropriate areas of the betting layout and click the Spin button to
release the ball.  Losing bets will be collected, and winning bets paid
off.

In addition to the obviously marked betting areas, the following types of
bet can be made:

Two-number pair:  Place chip on the white line between two numbers (in the
range 1 through 36).  Pays off 17 to 1.

Three-number row:  Place chip on the white line in front of a three-number
row.  Pays off 11 to 1.

Four-number square:  Place chip on the intersection of the white lines
separate four adjacent numbers (in the range 1 through 36).  Pays off 8 to
1.

Six-number block:  Place chip as in three-number row bet, only between two
rows.  This covers six numbers (two three-number rows) and pays off 5 to 1.

Five-number block:  Place chip as in six-number block bet, only using 0 and
00 as one of the two rows.  Pays off 6 to 1.
 
You can skip rapidly through the roulette-wheel animation sequence by
clicking the mouse.


* BACCARAT *

Baccarat is an expensive game (typical minimum:  $20 bet) that requires no
skill whatever and has a small house edge.

To bet, place chips in either the "Player" area in front of your white
square, or the "Bank" area beyond it.  Bank bets have the better chance of
winning, but bank bet winnings are subject to a 5% commission, which will
be collected whenever the cards are shuffled, or when you leave the game.

When the words "a card for the player" or "a card for the banker" appear,
click the Deal button to deal a card.  If you have a bet on player, you
will have the privilege of turning up the two player cards (by clicking on
them).

Two hands of two cards each are dealt; one for "player" and one for "bank."
Each hand may draw a third card, and then the higher hand wins, with the
value of a hand being calculated as in blackjack (see section on
blackjack), but with no busting, and with only the least significant digit
of the total being counted.  For example, cards that would total 17 in
blackjack count as 7 in baccarat.  Cards that would total 24 in blackjack
(a busted hand) would count as 4 in baccarat.  The total of each hand will
be calculated automatically and displayed beside that hand.

A two-card baccarat hand which totals 8 or 9 is called a "natural," and
cannot be beaten by any 3-card hand (just as a "blackjack" cannot be beaten
by any other 21 in the game of blackjack).  If either hand is a natural,
drawing of third cards would be pointless, and does not take place.

If there are no naturals, third card drawing (player first, then bank)
takes place according to a curious set of rules:

Player Drawing
* Player draws if it has less than 6.

Bank Drawing
Bank drawing often depends on the value of the player's third card, if the
player drew one.
* If player drew a 0 (ten-value card) or 1 (Ace) or 9, bank draws if it has
less than 4.
* If player drew a 2 or 3, bank draws if it has less than 5.
* If player drew a 4 or 5 or did not draw, bank draws if it has less than
6.
* If player drew a 6 or 7, bank draws if it has less than 7.
* If player drew an 8, bank draws if it has less than 3.

Remember, everything in baccarat is automatic; you need not memorize any of
these esoteric rules.  Simply play your $20 and hope for the best.


* KENO *

Keno is a lottery that takes place every five minutes in the casino.  From
a thoroughly mixed hopper of balls numbered 1 through 80, twenty balls are
drawn.  The player marks numbers on a ticket, and is paid off according to
how many of his numbers were drawn.

Keno is not found in the game selection window, but is available from the
menu bar while playing other games.  Simply select "New Ticket" from the
"Keno" menu, and a ticket will appear.  Click on numbers to select or
deselect them (up to eight numbers may be selected in Boxcars Casino), and
click "Submit Sheet" to enter your ticket into the Keno drawing.  When the
drawing takes place (within the next few minutes) your ticket will
reappear, showing what numbers were drawn and how much you won.

Keno is generally a high-edge game for the house, but the Boxcars Casino
offers somewhat better odds than are typically found in actual casinos.

Keno Payoffs For $1, $2 and $3 Tickets

     Spots Played     Caught     $1 Payoff     $2 Payoff     $3 Payoff
          1              1            $ 3           $ 6           $ 9

          2              2           $ 13          $ 26          $ 39

          3              2            $ 2           $ 4           $ 6
          3              3           $ 28          $ 56          $ 84

          4              3            $ 9          $ 18          $ 27
          4              4           $130         $ 260         $ 390

          5              3            $ 3           $ 6           $ 9
          5              4           $ 22          $ 44          $ 66
          5              5          $ 413         $ 826       $ 1,239

          6              4            $ 9          $ 18          $ 27
          6              5           $ 86         $ 172         $ 258
          6              6        $ 2,067       $ 4,134       $ 6,201

          7              4            $ 3           $ 6           $ 9
          7              5           $ 23          $ 46          $ 69
          7              6          $ 273         $ 546         $ 819
          7              7        $ 8,195      $ 16,390      $ 24,585

          8              5           $ 10          $ 20          $ 30
          8              6           $ 84         $ 168         $ 252
          8              7        $ 1,246         $2492        $ 3738
          8              8       $ 46,022      $ 75,000      $ 75,000

You are limited to winnings of $75,000 per keno game.

Way Tickets

If you desire, you may play several different combinations of numbers on
the same ticket, by creating a "way" ticket.  To do this, select up to
eight numbers, then click the "Group" button.  A dark band will be drawn
around your selections, showing that these numbers now form a group.
Select more numbers and click "Group" again to form more groups.  These
groups may be combined in various ways to form multiple plays on the same
ticket.

Group A:  4 spots
Group B:  4 spots
Group C:  4 spots
Spots or Ways:  3/8

In the above example, the player has created three groups of four numbers
each.  The "3/8" in the "Spots or Ways" box indicates that he wants to play
the "3 ways of making 8" with these groups.  (That is, there are three
different ways that groups can be combined to make a collection of eight
spots.)  Since he wishes to play only $1 per way, his total game price is
$3.

Now consider this more complicated example:

Group A:  4 spots
Group B:  2 spots
Group C:  2 spots
Group D:  2 spots
Group E:  1 spot
Spots or Ways:  4/4  3/3  4/6

In this ticket, the player is playing the 4 ways of making 4 spots (4/4),
the 3 ways of making 3 spots (3/3), and the 4 ways of making 6 spots (4/6).
(Note:  You may not enter more than three different number pairs in the
"Spots or Ways" box.)  Since the number of "ways" (4, 3 and 4) total 11,
the player must pay $11 per game ($1 for each "way").

A ticket is unacceptable for entry if it has an incorrect number pair in
the "Spots or Ways" box.  In the above example, "3/7" would be
unacceptable, since the correct number of ways of making 7 spots from the
groups is 4, not 3.  "4/7" would be the correct number pair.

Mistakes

Keno number groups cannot be erased.  If you make an error, click the
"Start Over" button to start over with a fresh ticket.

You can skip rapidly through the keno results sequence by clicking the
mouse.


* DISCLAIMER *

To the best of our knowledge, Boxcars Casino is a well-written piece of
computer software that shouldn't cause any problems on your computer
system.  However, for legal reasons, we must include the following:

* The creators and distributors of this software package make no
warranties, either express or implied, regarding its quality, or fitness
for any particular purpose.
* The user assumes all risk of damages that may result as a consequence of
the use of this software package, even if such resulted from an error in
the software or manual.
* Once it leaves their hands, the creators and distributors of this
software package cannot be held responsible or liable for the corruption of
the package by viruses, hackers, computer errors, or any other modification
to the original state of the software package.
* If for any reason whatever you do not agree to the above terms, you are
not given permission to keep, use, or distribute this software package,
even if you have sent in the registration fee.



Have fun!
